doc/install.rst, before:

Installation
============

These instructions assume that you have all necessary software `requirements`_ installed and running.



**Important:**

Install ``LabTools3`` only **after** you have installed Anaconda or any
other python distribution you want to use.

There are several methods available for installation:

1. Download the installation script :download:`install_labtools.py<../install_labtools.py>`

2. You can download the ``LabTools3`` package from :download:`LabTools3-1.1.3.9.zip<../../LabTools3/dist/LabTools3-1.1.3.9.zip>` 
   After downloading, extract the ``LabTools3`` zip file which most likely resides in your
   ``Downloads`` folder. In Windows it is important that you really extract the file (select extract all)
   and not just look at the contents of the zip file.



Installation using Anaconda
---------------------------

Start **Spyder** and, using the file explorer, go to the directory (or folder) where you extracted the LabTools file.

.. _st_fig1:

.. figure:: pictures/anaconda_install.png
   :align: center
   :scale: 45%

   Figure 1: Select directory where you extracted the LabTools


If you selected moethod 1 above, select the directory where the *install_labtools.py* script is
located and execute it by doing *%run install_labtools*

If you selected downloading the zip file go to the directory where the extracted LabTools are located as shown in :ref:`Fig. 1<st_fig1>` enter the command
*%run setup.py install* (red ellipse in the figure).
This will install the software. Restart spyder and you are ready to use the ``LabTools3``.

Now you should be ready to do the start the `tutorial`_\ .

.. _tutorial: http://wanda.fiu.edu/LabTools3/doc/python_fundamentals.html

.. _requirements: http://wanda.fiu.edu/LabTools3/doc/needs.html

Commit message:

Added continuation lines to parameter files
Lines in a parameter file can be continued by ending a line with '\' or with a comma ','. If it is ended with a '\' this character is removed in the resulting line while the comma is preserved. In that way a list of values can span several lines

doc/install.rst, after:

Installation
============

These instructions assume that you have all necessary software `requirements`_ installed and running.



**Important:**

Install ``LabTools3`` only **after** you have installed Anaconda or any
other python distribution you want to use.

There are several methods available for installation:

1. (Recommended) Download the installation script :download:`install_labtools.py<../install_labtools.py>`

2. From the command line run the command: ``pip install LabTools3`` (Make sure you have administrator priviledges on Windows, on MacOS or  Linux you might need to use the ``sudo`` command.)


Installation using Anaconda
---------------------------

Start **Spyder** and, using the file explorer, go to the directory (or folder) where you stored the ``install_labtools.py`` file.

.. _st_fig1:

.. figure:: pictures/anaconda_install.png
   :align: center
   :scale: 45%

   Figure 1: Select directory where you stored the ``install_labtools.py`` file.


In this directory execute the command ``%run install_labtools`` in the command window. If this does not work make
sure that you are in the correct directory (folder), look for ``install_labtools.py`` in the *Files* window.

This will install the software. Restart spyder and you are ready to use the ``LabTools3``.

Now you should be ready to do the start the `tutorial`_\ .

.. _tutorial: http://wanda.fiu.edu/LabTools3/doc/python_fundamentals.html

.. _requirements: http://wanda.fiu.edu/LabTools3/doc/needs.html
